So I make $365,000 a month selling GoHighLevel SaaS to contractors, but in this video I'm going to refresh this real quick. I literally just want you to turn off your goddamn brain and just copy this exact blueprint because like going back knowing everything I know now, this is exactly what I would do. So like I would like this is the blueprint to get to build a multi-million dollar company. Like I would just do this [ __ ] that I'm about to show you, right? So again, 366k in MRR. 1,100 clients and then about 2.4 million in total volume. So again, that's not to flex, it's just because why the [ __ ] would you listen to me if I'm just some nerd in my basement who's never actually done this. So what [clears throat] I want to show you is the niche that I would choose. And again, like literally turn off your brain and just go do this. Like if there's a part of this video that you don't understand, cool. Go ask ChatGPT to solve that exact problem or if there's something like if there's something in this blueprint that like you don't quite understand, you don't know how to set it up, you don't know how to market it, you don't know what it is. Like ChatGPT can answer all this stuff for you. And like this is a little bit of a tangent, but back in my day ChatGPT wasn't really trained on GoHighLevel, right? And it wasn't trained on any of this stuff. So any roadblock that you have, go use AI to solve it for you. Like AI is like an idiot's best friend. I swear to god. Like it's amazing. So I'm going to give you the niche. I'm going to give you the exact product that we're going to use and then I'll briefly run through sales. Sales is going to be pretty much the same thing, but I've been wanting to like I've wanted to build this out for so long, but again, we have almost 1,200 active subscribers. Like I can't really go change niches now because we work with contractors, right? But everything I know about GoHighLevel now, I I genuinely think like this is better. I have yet to see someone really build a huge company with this niche. So I'm super excited because I've thought about this a lot. So the niche is going to be med spas, barbers or hair salons. The reason that I have all three of these niches in here is because the way they function is essentially the same, right? I'm going to show you like a live example of what that means. I'm also going to show you how all the features that I'm going to tell you to actually build out for these companies actually fit into their business in real life in real time. So it's going to be really cool for you to kind of see how it works and understand that part. So think about med spas and barber shops. Just an example. Med spa, you call, you see the price, you make an appointment, you show up, you get the service done. Same thing with barbers, same thing with hair salons. So the way the company works is pretty much the exact same thing, right? So that's why I believe that this product I'm going to show you could pretty much work for all three of them. So for the actual product, we're obviously going to use GoHighLevel. It's an amazing tool. It's $97 a month or 297 or 497 depending on the plan, but essentially it's an all-in-one software where you can do literally everything with it that I'm about to show you and that's what we use for our 1,200 clients. Obviously use my link, you get all my [ __ ] for free. That's why I'm making videos like this because affiliate income [ __ ] rips. So anyway, let's go back here. That's the product we're going to use. If you don't know what GoHighLevel is, go on YouTube, figure it out, use ChatGPT. It's the most amazing thing ever. You can do everything I'm about to show you with GoHighLevel. So the actual product that we're going to sell to these local businesses and I'll show you here on Google and I'll show you live examples in just a sec is going to be an AI conversation bot or an AI voice agent. So the reason I have AI voice in red is in my opinion, I think this is probably the most viable thing. Like again, I just want you to turn off your brain and just go do this [ __ ] Like I I genuinely believe this is like an outline for a multi-million dollar business. I'm not just some [ __ ] idiot saying that either. Like I've I've built another very successful GoHighLevel business not using these things and not using this niche and I can only imagine how much better it would be if we had done this from the start. So AI voice is going to be the leading thing that you're going to show these companies and let me show you what that means. Or AI conversation bot. Either or. I just think AI voice is probably better. And again, you can do that all inside GoHighLevel, right? So what does that mean? So let's go see how this business actually operates so I can show you how the features actually fit into a real life business. So if I'm just moving over my thing over here. So if I want to do a med spa service, right? What am I going to do? I'm going to go on Google, I'm going to type med spa near me. I'm looking for how many reviews they have and their website and then I'm going to go check it out and then book or call, right? So let's say I land on their website. Cool. I want vaginal rejuvenation. Awesome. Cool. So I'm going to be like, all right, that's the service I want. There's going to be a book now button and a call button. So as a customer, that's my journey. Now let's say you build out a voice AI bot or a conversation bot. Let's go back here. Where are we? So the voice AI bot would then answer these phone calls if you called this number and then it would also book them in for appointments and potentially even take payment on the phone. Payments is a little more complicated so we won't get into that just yet, but think about just that. Like if you're just dealing with an inbound lead coming here, coming here and then booking. Like what if this person doesn't answer? Like the receptionist can only handle so many phone calls and I just called a med spa yesterday and they didn't answer. I went ahead and went with someone else who actually did answer and answered my questions, right? Now imagine you build out a voice AI bot or a voice AI conversation bot for a med spa. Every med spa in general kind of has the same services, right? They all do laser, they do something with the body and they do facials and and hydrafacials and all this stuff, right? So if once you build out this system one time, and this is what I'm trying to get you to understand. If we build out this system one time, we can just copy paste this to every single med spa that decides to work with us, right? That's what we're going for. We're going for low ticket recurring revenue. For us, we charge $297 a month and we have like 1,200 clients, right? We want low ticket recurring revenue and a copy paste system that we can give to every single new client that we get, right? So the voice AI is going to deal with whoops, let's go back here. It's going to deal with all these inbound leads and what you could do, let's go back here, is you could even add a little chat widget, a little chatbot to the bottom right of this website here to actually book appointments through text message as opposed to them having to call. Some people are [ __ ] weird. They don't want to call on the cell phone or on the on the phone, right? So now you're dealing with all their inbound leads, you're booking them more appointments and you just replaced the receptionist that's they're probably getting paid three to four thousand dollars a month, right? So you're saving this business thousands of dollars every single month by dealing with all their inbound leads for them via text message and via voice. And you could even add email later if you want to get complicated. I wouldn't do that because email's kind of a nightmare. But again, I want you to see like look how much you're already helping this business just with these one or two services, right? And again, how do we be sticky, right? You want to be sticky and create a copy paste system. So we're going to do calendar booking as well. And again, if you go here, all of this stuff is can be done from GoHighLevel. So you pay for one software and you can do this for as many businesses as you want. Like it's actually pretty crazy when you think about it. So calendar booking. So when we go to this website here, what happens? Okay, cool. Book now. Cool. So we go to an appointment booking page. Guess what? In GoHighLevel, you can control this calendar. And again, all these med spas, barber shops, whatever, they all probably generally have the same 20 to 30 services. So you're not you won't have to create new stuff in the calendar and new appointment stuff every single time, right? For the most part, it's going to be copy and paste because eventually like you're you're just going to have all the services. And not only that, but your AI bot will get so good at knowing all the services and how they work that it's just going to get better and better and better the more med spas that you work with or the more barber shops that you work with, right? And eventually you might have an AI bot that's just good with all three niches, but again, the more you train it, the better it's going to be. And you can copy paste the exact same prompt to every single new client, right? So you see how we're stacking these in a vertical that actually like helps a small business run, right? So we have the calendar booking system. Awesome. And then where is the calendar booking system held? The calendar booking system is going to be on their website. So imagine if you also control their website, right? I mean so now you're dealing with the inbound leads, right? People are coming from Google, they're clicking the website which you host and you own, right? Again, all these services here going to be pretty much copy paste. So you could build out one website template one time and just control copy that to every single med spa owner. And honestly like this website's not very good. You could build a AI template with lovable or with GoHighLevel pretty easily and just just use that, right? You can and then you could use that exact same website template going forward for every single new med spa that you work with, right? So cool. Let's go back here and then I already talked about the voice AI bot here and the conversation bot in the bottom right which it just looks something like this. So now you're dealing with all of their inbound leads for them. And you're dealing with their calendar booking system. And imagine you control their website as well. So you see how we're creating this sticky like conceptual system that stacks all the way down the same vertical. That's what creates long-term sticky recurring revenue, right? Because like you are you are essentially the entire backbone of their whole business. Now one more complicated thing you can do is you could add an invoicing system here on the on the calendar. And the way that I would pitch this, like the same way I'd pitch the voice AI agent saying, "Hey, you know, we can save you thousands of dollars a month on a receptionist because our voice AI agent does the exact same thing." I would basically pitch them and say, "Hey, Mr. or Mrs. med spa owner or barber shop owner, whatever. Like you know how you have no shows and cancellations and people don't pay you because they technically canceled, you know, 10 hours before instead of 12, whatever it may be. Now we can actually get their credit card on file and we can charge them a 50% deposit or something just to hold the appointment and you can actually keep that money if they cancel without outside of the cancellation policy. So I would pitch it saying, 'Hey, like you know all those customers you have to track down to pay you for late fees and and no shows and cancellations and all that [ __ ] We solved that problem for you by just adding a calendar booking and a payment processor to your website.' That's how I'd pitch that. Again, that's a little bit complicated. You don't have to do that at first, but again, I'm only showing you this so you can understand how this system stacks on top of each other and is actually like I want to show you the whole back end of like a real business and how you could potentially control this entire business with all the features of GoHighLevel, right? Now the last thing I would do here is the Google review link. Now if you come to this page here one of our websites, essentially the way this works is every single time a med spa appointment is completed or a barber you know, someone's hair gets cut, whatever, we will actually send out this Google review link to their customers, right? We obviously work with contractors. For you in this example, it would be med spas, hair salons or barber shops. But what happens with this review link is any single time a customer clicks four or five stars, they're asked to leave a real review here on the person's profile and what that looks like is here, right? Now if we go back, if they click anything less than four or five stars, say they click three stars, it's going to go to private feedback. So this won't actually get posted to their public Google page. So now you can say, "Hey, Mr. or Mrs. Med Spa owner, I'm helping you get more business through Google by helping you get more Google reviews. So now you see how it's all coming full circle. You're helping them get more business. You're then dealing with all their inbound leads. You're saving them money on a receptionist. Um and then you're also uh doing calendar booking and tying automations to that as well. So you're basically creating an entire backend for a med spa business or barber shop or hair salon, right? And the reason I just know this so well now is cuz I just know how good GoHighLevel is, right? And I I know that if you could set this system up for any of these niches, like I mean your lifetime value would probably be almost forever. As long as you do a decent job, like I think your churn would be like ours is like 7 or 8%. I bet you your churn would be like 3% or 4%. Um and again, with lifetime value and with low ticket recurring revenue, you basically want to copy paste the same system to everyone and have them never cancel. That's obviously the goal. Um again, it doesn't always work that way, but with low ticket recurring revenue, like that's what you want, right? So when you when you stack this entire system together, that's what you get. Uh but anyway, let's talk about sales just for a sec. >> [snorts] >> Um there's so many more videos on sales. I'm going to keep this semi-brief. If you don't have money, you're going to have to do some kind of cold outreach. What I would do is I don't think cold calling would be the best for med spas because you're always going to reach the receptionist and that's called a gatekeeper. So what I would do is I would walk in or I'd go to local business groups. I'd find med spas in in person and talk to the owner in person if possible or walk in. I just think you're going to have an issue with cold outreach. And again, every niche has its issues, right? Contractors has its issues uh issues. I'm sure med spas, barber shops, and hair salons have their issues as well. And again, I don't know them. I just I built a multi-million dollar company with contractors. I haven't done med spas. But I just look at the niche and I'm just like wow, like there's so much opportunity here. Same with barber shops and hair salons, right? Once you have money, you're going to run meta ads. Your main like sales tactic is going to be to demo the voice AI, which is why I have this in um in in big red right here. This is going to be your foot in the door because the best way and I think uh med spas, barber shops, whatever will be able to understand this, but your main value proposition here is hey, I'm going to replace your full-time receptionist with a voice AI agent that can do the exact same thing except my voice AI agent doesn't have bad days, it doesn't get sick, it doesn't make mistakes, and it uh it just doesn't take anything personal. So essentially I'm saving you thousands of dollars every month and I'm giving you something better, right? And what I would do is I would just let them on the sales call or even if I was walking into the office, I would literally just have a voice AI agent set up and trained on either med spas, barber shops, hair salons, depending on what niche, and I would just let them call it live on the spot, and that would be the that would be your demo. Have them try to break the bot and on the spot have them call it and just show them how valuable this thing is. Once you have them set up on AI voice and they trust you and they like you and they see what you can do, then you can start adding all this other [ __ ] to really become sticky. But this is always going to be your foot in the door offer. So foot in the door offer first, get them to know, like, and trust you and pay you some money, and then have all this other stuff ready to go on the backend to really create sticky long-term recurring revenue.